---
layout: post_page
title: My Highlight of 2013
---

I would have to say my highlight of 2013 is the simple thought of people I care about, caring about me.

Knowing out there, whether it be locally or international, people care when you have a depressing day, or that you had a fantastic day, or the fact that they can converse and laugh with you is truly the best feeling there is.

I went through a rather depressing childhood, not knowing anyone, always being the weirdo, always being bullied, and just being treated like you don't exist. It got better in the latter part of elementary school, but then I was a transfer student, and I moved to a more local school when junior high began.

Junior high was my worst experience there was. I befriended a person that was very selfish and uncaring. In 7th grade he turned on me, calling me gay and a homosexual, eventually leading up to the whole school doing it in the middle of the grade. Every day I had thoughts of suicide that just filled my mind, and it came close that I nearly attempted it one night.

Thankfully that person moved away, and now I'm in high school. I started from scratch, per se, trying all I could to reshape me. Thankfully, I now have a few friends that I can speak with on a daily basis. Even then, over the past year I have been apart of a family in a way on a Minecraft server. It has moved passed that and they really are my 'other' family. I get to speak with them almost every day and the simple fact that they enjoy my company and appreciate myself as a person is truly, truly the best gift there is.

Being Christmas time now and how everyone is talking about gifts and the holidays, they really don't know that they best gift of all is friendship. Without it, depression isn't a feeling or emotion, it's what you are. 2013 has been the best year of my life, and I hope it can continue on in the upcoming years.

Merry Christmas everyone.